Adding docs related to MI secrets, cert and dropins (#906)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: en/docs/develop-components/work-with-the-micro-integrator-runtime-in-choreo.md

 - Optimized performance: By offering optimized implementations of common functions, third-party libraries can improve the performance of the Micro Integrator.
 - Efficient development: Developers can avoid re-implementing commonly used functions, reducing development time and increasing efficiency.

To incorporate third-party libraries into your Micro Integrator project, create a new directory called `libs` at the
root of your project. If your project root and GitHub repository root are not the same, place the `libs` directory in
the project root. After adding the required JAR files to the `libs` directory, the Micro Integrator runtime will
automatically include them when deploying the component. This process ensures that any dependencies needed by your
integration flow are available at runtime.

In addition to `jar` libraries, you may also need to incorporate OSGi bundle JARs into your project. To do this,
create another directory called `dropins` at the root of your project. Similarly, if the project root and GitHub
repository root differ, place the `dropins` directory in the project root.

> Within the `dropins` directory, add the OSGi bundle JAR files. These bundles will be picked up by the OSGi runtime during

Reviewer: Let's not make this a separate paragraph, and have it in the same para.

Reviewer: These bundles will be picked up by the OSGi runtime during -> The OSGI runtime will pick up these bundles

Author: you mean
```
The OSGI runtime will pick up these bundles, enabling you to utilize their
functionality within your Micro Integrator project.
```

Reviewer: The OSGI runtime will pick up these bundles during deployment, enabling you to utilize their functionality within your Micro Integrator project.

deployment, enabling you to utilize their functionality within your Micro Integrator project.

![Libs directory](../assets/img/develop-components/micro-integrator/libs_dir.png)

> ## Importing custom certificates to Micro Integrator

Reviewer: to MI

> The feature allows Choreo MI users to import certificates to the MI `client-truststore.jks` file. This is useful when

Reviewer: Let's rephrase it as :
The feature enables Choreo MI users to import certificates into the MI `client-truststore.jks` file. This functionality proves valuable when users need to establish connections with servers or services utilizing SSL/TLS encryption and possessing self-signed certificates or certificates issued by private certificate authorities (CAs) that are not automatically trusted.

> users need to connect to servers or services that use SSL/TLS encryption and have self-signed or custom certificates

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
users need to connect to servers or services that use SSL/TLS encryption and have self-signed or certificates issued by private CAs
```

> that are not trusted by default. By importing the certificate to the MI client-truststore.jks file, MI clients can

Reviewer: Rephrase as "Importing the certificate to the MI `client-truststore.jks` file enables MI clients to establish secure connections with the server or service seamlessly, eliminating SSL/TLS errors or warnings."

establish a secure connection with the server or service without encountering SSL/TLS errors or warnings.

> Before importing the certificate, you need to obtain the certificate file. This file can be in

Reviewer: Rephrase as : 
Before importing the certificate, it is necessary to obtain the certificate file, which can be in PEM or DER format. You can get the certificate from the server or service provider or export it from a web browser. Certificates should be added to the /wso2mi/certs/ folder. Users need to verify that the mount path for the certificate file aligns with this specific path.

the PEM or DER format. You can obtain the certificate file from the server or service provider or by exporting it from a
web browser. Certificates should be added to the `/wso2mi/certs/` folder. Therefore, users must ensure that the mount path
for the certificate file follows this path

> 1. Go to the Component page and click on the **Deploy** page for the component you want to add the certificate to.

Reviewer: 1. In the Choreo console, select the component you wish to add a certificate to. 
2. From the left navigation click **Deploy**.

2. Click on the **Configs and Secrets** tab.
3. Click **Create**.
4. Select **ConfigMap** as the **Config Type** and **File Mount** as the **Mount Type**.
5. Click **Next**.
6. Specify the following values as mount configurations:

    | **Field**       | **Value**                                              |                                    
    |-----------------|--------------------------------------------------------|
    | **Config Name** | An appropriate name for the certificate.             |
    | **Mount path**  | `/wso2mi/certs/<filename>`. For example, `/wso2mi/certs/certificate.crt` |

7. Click **Upload File** and attach the certificate.
8. Click **Create**.

## Working with sensitive data using MI Secure Vault

MI Secure Vault is a feature that allows users to securely store sensitive data, such as passwords and tokens, and
provide access to that data to MI Integrations. This feature provides an added layer of security to your integrations by
reducing the risk of accidental exposure of sensitive data.

To use MI Secure Vault to work with sensitive data, follow these steps:

> 1. Go to the Component page and click on the **Deploy** page.

Reviewer: 1. Select the component from the Choreo Console. 
2. From the left navigation, click **Deploy**.

2. Click on the **Configure and Deploy**.
3. Click on the **Add Environment Configurations**
4. Specify the following values as configurations:

    | **Field**       | **Value**                                 |                                    
    |-------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------|
    | **Name** | An appropriate name for the secret/alias. |
    | **Value**       | Value for the secret                      |

> 5. Click **Mark as a Secret**.

Reviewer: Select **Mark as a secret**
